Grammatical fixes for GPIO Control doc (#4869)
qmk/qmk_firmware: docs/internals_gpio_control.md

|`writePin(pin, level)`|Set pin level, assuming it is an output                           |
|`readPin(pin)`        |Returns the level of the pin                                      |

## Advanced Settings

> Each micro-controller can have multiple advanced settings regarding its GPIO. This abstraction layer does not limit the use of architecture-specific functions. Advanced users should consult the datasheet of their desired device and include any needed libraries. For AVR, the standard avr/io.h library is used; for STM32, the Chibios [PAL library](http://chibios.sourceforge.net/docs3/hal/group___p_a_l.html) is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each microcontroller can have multiple advanced settings regarding its GPIO. This abstraction layer does not limit the use of architecture-specific functions. Advanced users should consult the datasheet of their desired device and include any needed libraries. For AVR, the standard avr/io.h library is used; for STM32, the ChibiOS [PAL library](http://chibios.sourceforge.net/docs3/hal/group___p_a_l.html) is used.
```
